Welcome to Introduction to Agile Development
and Scrum. I'm John Rofrano, and I'll be your instructor
throughout this course that not only teaches you what agile is, but introduces you to the
tools and techniques that I have used over the years, to become Agile. According to Project Management Institute,
more than 70 percent of organizations have incorporated some Agile approaches and 77%
of companies adopt scrum. Additionally, more than 25 percent of manufacturing
firms use Agile exclusively. And based on research from Price Waterhouse
Coopers, Agile projects are 28% more successful than traditional projects. Unfortunately, 47% of all Agile transformations
fail, according to Forbes. 47%... that's almost half. Why do you think that is? One study by VersionOne shows the number one
reason Agile projects fail is inexperience with implementing and integrating the Agile
methodology. You see, Agile is not just a process that
you follow. It's a mindset that you become. It's a philosophy that requires you to think
differently about managing teams and projects. Executive leadership needs to change their
long-term focus and instead focus on delivering value quickly and iteratively to delight their
customers. In order to succeed at becoming agile, you
must change the company culture. Another reason Agile projects fail is that
Agile is not something you can simply learn from a book. I like to use the analogy of learning how
to drive a car. Those of you who drive know that they don't
give you the keys to the car and the owner's manual and say, "Here, go learn how to drive." Someone who has driven before usually goes
out with you, sitting in the passenger seat, telling you what to watch out for and how
hard to press on the gas or the brake pedal. You have to practice with an instructor to
acquire the skills to drive. Agile is a lot like that. For this course, I will be instructing you
on not only what to do, but what to look out for. We will discuss both patterns and anti-patterns
because recognizing when something is wrong is just as important as knowing how to do
something right. You will learn the importance of being organized
into small, co-located, cross-functional teams and how to empower your teams to be self-managing
so they can make decisions faster. I will teach you how to perform agile planning
with practical examples taken from software development that you can apply to your own
situation, regardless of what you are developing. You will see how concepts from lean manufacturing
have found their way into Agile and scrum, and how at the end of every iteration you
should ask yourself, "Do we pivot, or persevere?" In other words, should we change course and
try something new, or keep going the way you are? This course will equip you with what you need
to be successful in implementing Agile in your organization. So, absorb the videos, reinforce your learning
with the quizzes, and use the discussion forums to talk with your peers and classmates. Like anything else, the more you practice,
the better you get, so make sure you challenge yourself to complete the hands-on honors module
at the end and start building your Agile planning skills. Congratulations on embarking on this exciting
journey, and good luck!